# USBAR

## Abstract
Virtual assistants have grown in popularity and demand in recent years for solving various tasks such as service booking and online purchasing. The primary aim of a task-oriented dialogue agent is to serve an end user's task goals satisfactorily and efficiently. Existing task-oriented virtual agents can assist users with simple tasks like ticket booking, hotel reservations, etc. effectively and with high confidence. These virtual assistants, however, assume specific, predictable end-user behavior, such as predefined/servable objectives, which results in conversation failures in challenging situations, such as when goals are unavailable.Human agents, on the other hand, make an effort to help users in completing a similar work under such difficult circumstances.
Inspired by the practice and its efficacy, we propose an end-to-end framework for task-oriented persuasive dialogue generation that combines pre-training and reinforcement learning for generating context-aware persuasive responses. We utilize four novel rewards to improve consistency and repetitiveness in generated responses. Additionally, a meta-learning strategy has also been utilized to make the model parameters better for domain adaptation. Furthermore, we also curate a personalized persuasive dialogue (PPD) corpus, which contains utterance-level intent, slot, sentiment, and persuasion strategy annotation.
The obtained results and detailed analysis firmly establish the effectiveness of the proposed persuasive virtual assistant over traditional task-oriented virtual assistants. The proposed framework considerably increases the quality of dialogue generation in terms of consistency and repetitiveness. Additionally, our experiment with a few shot and zero-shot settings proves that our meta-learned model learns to quickly adopt new domains with a few or even zero no. of training epochs. It outperforms the non-meta-learning-based approaches keeping the base model constant.
